---
date: 2020-11-19
title: "3.10.1"
---

### Added

- More password validation rules in the user management form in the Console.

### Changed

- Limitation of displayed and stored events in the Console to 2000.
- Application Server will unwrap the AppSKey if it can, even if skipping payload crypto is enabled. This is to avoid upstream applications to receive wrapped keys they cannot unwrap. For end-to-end encryption, configure Join Servers with wrap keys unknown to the Application Server.
- More precise payload labels for event previews in the Console.

### Fixed

- Next button title in the end device wizard in the Console.
- Navigation to the user edit page after creation in the Console.
- The port number of the `http.redirect-to-host` option was ignored when `http.redirect-to-tls` was used. This could lead to situations where the HTTPS server would always redirect to port 443, even if a different one was specified.
  - If the HTTPS server is available on `https://thethings.example.com:8443`, the following flags (or equivalent environment variables or configuration options) are required: `--http.redirect-to-tls --http.redirect-to-host=thethings.example.com:8443`.
- Status display on the error view in the Console.
- Event views in the Console freezing after receiving thousands of events.
- Wrong FPort value displayed for downlink attempt events in the Console.
- Network Server sending duplicate application downlink NACKs.
- Network Server now sends downlink NACK when it assumes confirmed downlink is lost.
- Network Server application uplink drainage.
