---
date: 2020-11-02
title: "3.10.0"
---

### Added

- Gateway Configuration Server endpoint to download UDP gateway configuration file.
  - In the Console this requires a new `console.ui.gcs.base-url` configuration option to be set.
- Support for sending end device uplinks in the Console.
- PHY version filtering based on LoRaWAN MAC in the Console.
- Meta information and status events in the event views in the Console.
- Support for setting the frame counter width of an end device in the Console.
- Include consumed airtime metadata in uplink messages and join requests (see `uplink_message.consumed_airtime` field).
- Add end device location metadata on forwarded uplink messages (see `uplink_message.locations` field).
- Store and retrieve LBS LNS Secrets from database.
  - This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack is-db migrate`) because of the added column.
  - To encrypt the secrets, set the new `is.gateways.encryption-key-id` configuration option.
- Storage Integration API.
- CLI support for Storage Integration (see `ttn-lw-cli end-devices storage` and `ttn-lw-cli applications storage` commands).
- Network Server does not retry rejected `NewChannelReq` data rate ranges or rejected `DLChannelReq` frequencies anymore.
- Federated Authentication capabilities using [OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/connect/).
  - This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack is-db migrate`) because of the added and modified columns.
- Store and retrieve billing identifiers from database.
  - This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack is-db migrate`) because of the added column.
- Functionality to allow admin users to list all organizations in the Console.
- Storage Integration.
  - This requires additional configuration and initialization of the database schema (`ttn-lw-stack storage-db init`). A PostgreSQL-compatible database is required, and it is highly recommended to setup a separate database instance; avoid re-using the IS database.
- Downlink count for end devices in the Console.
- Support for Tabs Hubs gateways.
- Support for Application Activation Settings in the Join Server to configure Application Server KEK, ID and Home NetID.
- Downlink queue invalidated message sent upstream by Application Server to support applications to re-encrypt the downlink queue when Application Server skips FRMPayload crypto.
- Navigation to errored step in the end device wizard in the Console.
- Reference available glossary entries for form fields in the Console.

### Changed

- Decoded downlink payloads are now published as part of downlink attempt events.
- Decoded downlink payloads are stored now by Network Server.
- Raw downlink PHY payloads are not stored anymore by Network Server.
- Move documentation to [lorawan-stack-docs](https://github.com/TheThingsedustries/lorawan-stack-docs).
- Improve LinkADRReq scheduling condition computation and, as a consequence, downlink task efficiency.
- CUPS Server only accepts The Things Stack API Key for token auth.
- Improve MQTT Pub/Sub task restart conditions and error propagation.
- AWS IoT MQTT client ID that now contains some random entropy.
- Pausing event streams is not saving up arriving events during the pause anymore.
- Gateway server can now update the gateway location only if the gateway is authenticated.
- Right to manage links on Application Server is now `RIGHT_APPLICATION_SETTINGS_BASIC`.

### Removed

- Join EUI prefixes select on empty prefixes configuration in Join Server.

### Fixed

- Broken link to setting device location in the device map widget.
- Error events causing Console becoming unresponsive and crashing.
- Incorrect entity count in title sections in the Console.
- Incorrect event detail panel open/close behavior for some events in the Console.
- Improved error resilience and stability of the event views in the Console.
- RSSI metadata for MQTT gateways connected with The Things Network Stack V2 protocol.
- Gateway ID usage in upstream connection.
- Last seen counter for applications, end devices and gateways in the Console.
- `Use credentials` option being always checked in Pub/Sub edit form in the Console.
- FPending being set on downlinks, when LinkADRReq is required, but all available TxPower and data rate index combinations are rejected by the device.
- Coding rate for LoRa 2.4 GHz: it's now `4/8LI`.
- End device import in the Console crashing in Firefox.
- Creation of multicast end devices in the Console.
- Propagation of `cluster.tls-server-name` when using `cluster.discovery-mode=DNS`.
- Overwriting values in the end device wizard in the Console.
- Redirect loops when logging out of the Console if the Console OAuth client had no logout redirect URI(s) set.
- Event selection not working properly when the event stream is paused in the Console.
