---
date: 2021-03-05
title: "3.11.2"
---

### Added

- Pagination flags for the `users oauth authorizations list` and `users oauth access-tokens list` CLI commands.
- End device ID generation based on DevEUI in The LoRaWAN Device Repository creation form in the Console.
- `remote_ip` and `user_agent` metadata on OAuth events.
- `created_at` and `updated_at` fields to API Keys.
- Telemetry for Packet Broker Agent.
- User rights check for managing API keys in the Console.

### Changed

-  When multiple base domains are configured, the middleware uses the longest match to extract the Tenant ID.
- `temp` field of the UDP stats message is now type `float32` (pointer).

### Fixed

- Ocassional race condition in uplink matching with replicated Network Server instances.
- Ocassional race condition when matching pending sessions.
- Application uplink queue handling in Network Server.
- Conflict error when registering an end device via the wizard in the Console.
- Pagination in the `List` and `ListTokens` RPCs of the `OAuthAuthorizationRegistry`.
- Event name on user login.
- Application uplink queue handling in Network Server.
- Application Server session desynchronization with the Network Server. The Application Server will now attempt to synchronize the end device session view on downlink queue operational errors. This fixes the `f_cnt_too_low` and `unknown_session` errors reported on downlink queue push and replace.
- Panic while generating SX1301 config for frequency plans without radio configuration.
