---
date: 2021-02-10
title: "3.11.0"
---

### Added

- Reset functionality in Network Server, which resets session context and MAC state (see `ttn-lw-cli end-devices reset` command). For OTAA all data is wiped and device must rejoin, for ABP session keys, device address and downlink queue are preserved, while MAC state is reset.
- Store and retrieve Gateway Claim Authentication Code from database.
  - This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack is-db migrate`) because of the added column.
  - This uses the same encryption key set using the `is.gateways.encryption-key-id` configuration option.
- Improved handling of connection issues in the Console, as well as automatic reconnects.
- Helpful details for synthetic meta events in the data view of the Console.
- Support field mask paths in Storage Integration API requests.
- CUPS redirection.
  - This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack is-db migrate`) because of the added columns.
- Configuration option (`is.user-registration.enabled`) to enable or disable user registrations.
- Missing CLI commands for getting single API keys or collaborators for entities.
- New Account App for authentication, authorization and account related functionality.
  - This introduces various UX improvements and new designs around e.g. user login, registration and the "forgot password" flow.
- Integrate Device Repository.
- Device Repository component to integrate [Device Repository](https://github.com/TheThingsNetwork/lorawan-devices) with The Things Stack. See the `dr` configuration section.
  - The Device Repository database is bundled automatically into Docker release images. See the `ttn-lw-stack dr-db init` command to manually fetch the latest changes.
- Device repository service to the JavaScript SDK.
- Choosing array representation for end device session keys as well as gateway EUI.
- Storage integration panel in the Console.

### Changed

- Network Server does not store `recent_uplinks`, `recent_adr_uplinks` and `recent_downlinks` anymore.
- Improved Network Server downlink task performance.
- Authorized Application Registry is changed to Authorized Entity Registry.
  - This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack dcs-db migrate`) to migrate existing claims to the new registry.
- Improved Network Server matching performance.
- Network Server matching mapping in the database.
  - This requires a database migration (`ttn-lw-stack ns-db migrate`).
- Sending a non-empty implicitly specified field disallowed field will now cause RPCs to fail. E.g. if RPC supports paths `A` and `A.B`, sending value with `A.C` non-empty and field mask `A` would result in an error.
- Improved content of emails sent by the Identity Server.
- Stricter validation of the maximum length of string fields, binary fields, lists and maps.
- Frequency plans and webhook templates are now included in Docker images, and used by default, instead of fetching directly from GitHub.
- JavaScript entrypoints changed from `oauth.css` and `oauth.js` to `account.css` and `account.css`. Note: For deployments using custom frontend bundles (e.g. via `--is.oauth.ui.js-file`), the filenames have to be updated accordingly as well.
- Authentication Providers and External Users are now hard deleted by default.
  - This requires a database migration (`ttn-lw-stack is-db migrate`).

### Deprecated

### Removed

- Application Server linking. The Network Server now pushes data to the cluster Application Server instead.
  - Applications which desire to handle payload decryption within their own domains should disable payload decryption at application or device level and decrypt the payload on their own end.
  - While not backwards compatible, the decision to remove linking was heavily motivated by scalability concerns - the previous linking model scales poorly when taking high availability and load balancing concerns into account.
- The option to disable CUPS per gateway `gcs.basic-station.require-explicit-enable`.

### Fixed

- Network Server DevStatusReq scheduling conditions in relation to frame counter value.
- Missing `authentication`, `remote_ip` and `user_agent` fields in events when using event backends other than `internal`.
- Handling of `DLChannelReq` if dependent `NewChannelReq` was previously rejected.
- Login after user registration leading to dead-end when originally coming from the Console.
- Frame counter display of end devices on initial page load in the Console.
- AU915-928 data rate indexes in Regional Parameter specification versions below 1.0.2b.

### Security
