---
date: 2021-04-06
title: "3.12.0"
---

### Added

- API and CLI commands for listing, searching for and restoring recently deleted applications, OAuth clients, gateways, organizations and users.
- State Description fields for adding context to the (rejected, flagged, suspended) state of Users, OAuth clients and tenants.
  - This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack is-db migrate`) because of the added columns.
- Configure retention policy for the Storage Integration database (only supported when using TimescaleDB).
  - You will need to run the `ttn-lw-stack storage-db migrate` command to apply the new configuration. See the `--timescaledb.chunk-time-interval`, `--timescaledb.enable-retention-policy` and `--timescaledb.retention-days` command-line flags.
- Searching for gateways by EUI.
- Searching for users and OAuth clients by state.
- Gateway Server forwards Tx Acknowlegdment packets to the Network Server for scheduled downlinks. These can be used by the Network Server to forward `downlink_ack` upstream messages to the Application Server.
- UDP connection error caching. The duration can be configured via the `gs.udp.connection-error-expires` configuration entry.
- Option to require individual gateways to use authenticated connections.
  - This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack is-db migrate`) because of the added columns.
- Login Tokens (magic login links) that can be used for password-less login.
  - This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack is-db migrate`) because of the added columns.
  - This feature is disabled by default; use the new `is.login-tokens.enabled` option to enable it.
- Packet Broker registration, configuration of routing policies, listing home networks and viewing routing policies set by forwarding networks. See `ttn-lw-cli packetbroker --help` for more information.
- Support LoRa 2.4 GHz with Packet Broker.
- Include gateway identifiers from Packet Broker in metadata.
- Support for claiming gateways through CLI. See `ttn-lw-cli gateways claim --help` for more information.
- Session and MAC state import functionality. This means that devices can be migrated without rejoin.
- Rate limiting for HTTP endpoints, gRPC endpoints, MQTT, UDP and WebSockets connections.
  - Rate limiting is disabled by default. Refer to the `rate-limiting` configuration entry to enable.
- Profile settings link to header dropdown menu.

### Changed

- Changed the pub/sub channels that the Redis backend of the Events system uses.
- Changed the encoding of events transported by the Redis backend of the Events system.
- All external HTTP calls are now using TLS client configuration. This fixes issues where HTTP calls would fail if custom (e.g. self-signed) CAs were used.
- All external HTTP calls are now using a default timeout. This fixes issues where HTTP calls would stall for a long time.
- All value wrappers now are encoded and decoded as the value being wrapped in JSON. That means, that, e.g. format of `mac_settings.rx1_delay` is changed from `{"value": 2}` to just `2`.
- Changed the error that is returned when attempting to validate already validated contact info.
  - This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack is-db migrate`) because of the added column.
- Update Go to 1.16
- Network Server now performs more strict validation and will disallow creation and updates of invalid devices.
- DevEUI is not required for multicast devices anymore, regarding of LoRaWAN version.
- Pub/Sub provider visibility in console based on `disabled` status.

### Removed

- AWS IoT Integration as pub/sub integration. The integration is only available as application package.
  - This requires a database migration (`ttn-lw-stack as-db migrate`).

### Fixed

- Incorrect documentation url for event details data formats.
- Search functionality for applications, gateways and organizations in the Console.
- Error handling of end device template formats for the application overview page in the Console.
- Payload size limits for AU915 data rates 8 and 9, which are now consistent with Regional Parameters RP002-1.0.2.
- Payload size limit calculation in Network Server.
- Occasional panic in Network Server on downlink with corrupted device states.
- Occasional panic in Identity Server on extracting log fields from invalid requests.
- Print an error message stating that the Storage Integration is not available in the open source edition of The Things Stack when trying to execute `ttn-lw-stack storage-db` commands.
- Applications without AWS IoT integration displaying configuration of a previously inspected application.