---
date: 2021-07-23
title: "3.14.0"
---

### Added

- Gateway antenna placement; unknown, indoor or outdoor. This can now be specified with CLI, e.g. for the first antenna: `ttn-lw-cli gateways set <gateway-id> --antenna.index 0 --antenna.placement OUTDOOR`. The antenna placement will be reported to Packet Broker Mapper.
  - This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack is-db migrate`) because of the added columns.
- Payload formatter length validation in the Console.
- User session management (listing and deleting) in the Identity Server and the CLI.
- Improved logging for the OAuth server.
- LR-FHSS modulation
  - Additional fields for the Gateway and Rx Metadata API. This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack is-db migrate`) because of the added columns.
  - Support for LR-FHSS fields when translating uplink messages with the UDP protocol.
- Network Server now appends network identifiers in forwarded uplink messages. These are populated from the `ns.net-id` and the new `ns.cluster-id` configuration option.
  - See the new `uplink_message.network_identifiers.net_id`, `uplink_message.network_identifiers.cluster_id` and `uplink_message.network_identifiers.tenant_id` fields.
  - This can be useful for HTTP webhooks to determine the Network Server that received and forwarded an uplink message.
- `GetDefaultMACSettings` RPC for requesting the default and desired MAC settings for a Band (Frequency Plan) and LoRaWAN regional parameters version.
- Error handling for missing templates in device repository form in the Console.
- Cache gateway entity responses for requests made to the IS by the GS. See the new `gs.entity-registry-cache.size` and `gs.entity-registry-cache.timeout` configuration options.
- API for searching tenants.
- End device first activation timestamp in the Identity Server end device store.
  - This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack is-db migrate`) because of the added columns.
- Azure IoT Hub integration via an application package.
- Resilience to flakiness in upstream servers during gateway claiming.
- Opt out of Packet Broker for individual gateways, see the new `disable_packet_broker_forwarding` gateway option.
  - This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack is-db migrate`) because of the added columns.
  - This is only relevant when Packet Broker is enabled and configured by the network operator.
- Gateways are now disconnected when settings affecting the connection with Gateway Server change. Use the `gs.fetch-gateway-interval` and `gs.fetch-interval-jitter` to configure how often the gateway is fetched from the entity registry.
- Small UX improvements to the LoRaCloud DAS forms in the Console.
- End device first activation timestamp in the Identity Server end device store.
  - This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack is-db migrate`) because of the added columns.
- `AppJs` interface for applications to get the LoRaWAN AppSKey directly from the Join Server.
- Console support for DevEUI generation from the configured DevEUI address block.
  - This requires `console.ui.dev-eui-issuing-enabled` and `console.ui.dev-eui-app-limit` to be set with the same values as in the Identity Server configuration.

### Changed

- When a gateway uplink message contains duplicate data uplinks, only the one with the highest RSSI are forwarded.
- The HTTP port now allows HTTP/2 connections over cleartext (h2c).
- `ttn-lw-stack ns-db migrate` command records the schema version and only performs migrations if on a newer version.
  - Use the `--force` flag to force perform migrations.
- Any authenticated user in the network can now list the collaborators of entities in the network.
- The search RPCs no longer require fields to be specified in the field mask when those fields are already specified as filters.
- When generating client configuration with the CLI `use` command, automatically set the correct Identity Server and OAuth Server addresses for The Things Stack Cloud and {{% ttss %}}.

### Removed

- The `old` log format.

### Fixed

- Network Server ADR algorithm data rate adjustment behavior on negative margin.
- CLI `gateway set --antenna.remove` command failing to remove gateway antennas in some cases.
- CLI `gateway set --antenna.gain <gain>` command crashing when no gateway antennas are present.
- Webhook template path variable expansion of query parameters.
- LBS LNS Auth Secret displays garbage value when updated.
- Transmit confirmation messages for LoRa Basics Station gateways.
- Instability and frequent crashes when internet connection is lost in the Console.
- Rate limiting for `TenantRegistry.GetTenantIdentifiersForGatewayEUI` is now applied per gateway EUI.
- Rate limiting for `TenantRegistry.GetTenantIdentifiersForEndDeviceEUIs` is now applied per end device EUI.
- Panic in GCS when CUPS rotation is set without a key.
- Rate limiting for `GatewayRegistry.GetGatewayIdentifiersForEUI` is now applied per gateway EUI.
- Network Server ensures that the Band ID in the end device version identifiers match the configured Frequency Plan of the device.
