---
date: 2021-08-27
title: "3.14.2"
---

### Added

- CLI warnings about insecure connections.
- CLI warnings about using the `--all` flag.
- Packet Broker network listed switch in the Console.
- Improved errors for invalid command-line flags.
- Validation of entity attributes in the Console, with regards to maximum length for keys and values.
- Support limiting concurrent data plane application gRPC and MQTT connections by application and tenant ID. See the `resource-limiting` configuration section for details.
- CLI command to decode raw LoRaWAN frames (`ttn-lw-cli lorawan decode`), useful for debugging purposes.
- Options to restore or purge deleted applications, gateways and organizations in the Console.
- Handling of default mac settings values when manually registering end devices in the Console.
- Add a new `class_b_c_downlink_interval` field that can be configured to set the minimum interval between a network initiated downlink (Class B & Class C) and an arbitrary downlink per device.
- Retrieve count of upstream messages from the Storage Integration by end device.
  - See the new `GetStoredApplicationUpCount` RPC.
  - See the new `ttn-lw-cli applications storage count` and `ttn-lw-cli end-devices storage count` CLI commands.

### Changed

- The Identity Server now returns a validation error when trying to update the EUIs of an end device.
- Network Server no longer accepts RX metadata from Packet Broker if the originating forwarder network equals the current Network Server (by NetID and cluster ID, based on`ns.net-id` and `ns.cluster-id` configuration). This avoids duplicate RX metadata as well as redundant downlink scheduling attempts through Packet Broker after the cluster's Gateway Server already failed to schedule.
- Usability of the end device import function in the Console.
  - Show a per-device report when errors occur.
  - More structural changes to the process to improve UX.

### Removed

- Packet Broker mutual TLS authentication; only OAuth 2.0 is supported now.
- `request_details` from errors in the Console.

### Fixed

- Generated CLI configuration for {{% ttss %}}.
- End device access with limited rights in the Console.
- Parsing of ID6 encoded EUIs from Basic Station gateways.
- Warnings about unknown fields when getting or searching for gateways.
- Internal Server Errors from `pkg/identityserver/store`.
- Console rendering blank pages in outdated browsers due to missing or incomplete internationalization API.
- Error in edit user form (Console) when submitting without making any changes.
- `description` field not being fetched in edit user form (admin only) in the Console.
- Ignore invalid configuration when printing configuration with `ttn-lw-cli config` or `ttn-lw-stack config`.
- Emails about API key changes.
- Avoid rendering blank pages in the Console for certain errors.
- Blank page crashes in the Console for certain browsers that do not fully support `Intl` API.
- End device session keys handling in the Console.
- Byte input width in Safari in the Console.
