---
date: 2021-12-17
title: "3.16.2"
---

### Added

- User defined antenna gain for LBS gateways.
- Support for the Authorization Code flow for the OIDC authentication providers.
  - Previously only the Hybrid flow was supported.
- Better support for user claims provided by OIDC authentication providers.
- Non-TLS interop listener. Default port is 1886.
- Webhooks now have a health status associated with them. Webhooks that fail successively are now disabled for a period of time.
  - Failure in this context means that the HTTP endpoint returned a non-2xx status code.
  - A successful HTTP request will reset the failure counter.
  - The number of allowed successive failures and cooldown period can be configured using the `--as.webhooks.unhealthy-attempts-threshold` and `--as.webhooks.unhealthy-retry-interval` configuration options.
- Webhook enabled path validation in the Console.

### Changed

- Increased the maximum gRPC message size to 16MB.
- Gateways which have been deleted are now automatically disconnected by the Gateway Server.

### Fixed

- Access to application payload formatters for users with `RIGHT_APPLICATION_SETTINGS_BASIC` right.
- End device mac settings handling in the Console.
- Uplink and downlink counters display on end device activity in the Console.
- External users unique constraint taking into account the wrong columns.
  - This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack is-db migrate`).
- Invitations unique constraint taking into account the wrong columns.
  - This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack is-db migrate`).
- Join settings handling in JS-only deployments in the Console.
- Configuring Packet Broker listed option when Packet Broker Agent is configured with a Packet Broker tenant API key.
- Contact info validation through the Account app.
