---
date: 2021-11-26
title: "3.16.1"
---

### Added

- Support for fine timestamps and frequency offsets sent by gateways with SX1303 concentrator using the legacy UDP protocol.
- Support for resetting end device session context and MAC state in the Console.
- The Content-Security-Policy header (that was previously behind the `webui.csp` feature flag) is now enabled by default.
- Default `Cache-Control: no-store` headers.
- `Cache-Control: public, max-age=604800, immutable` headers for hashed static files.
- Experimental support for BasicStation GPS timestamps which use the wrong precision (milliseconds instead of microseconds).
  - The Gateway Server will attempt to determine the correct GPS timestamp from the provided `gpstime` based on the time at which the upstream message has been received.
  - This workaround will be available until the related gateway vendors will release patches for this issue.
- Firmware version of The Things Kickstarter Gateway are written to the gateway attributes upon receiving a valid status message.
- Desired mac settings to end device general settings in the Console.

### Changed

- Gateway server disconnects LoRa Basics Station gateways that stop sending pongs to server pings. This does not apply to gateways that don't support pongs.
- The new plugin for reading/writing JSON in our API (that was previously behind the `jsonpb.jsonplugin` feature flag) is now enabled by default. All API responses should be equivalent, but in some cases object fields may be in a different order.

### Fixed

- The reported sub-band's `downlink_utilization` in gateway connection stats now represents the utilization of the available duty-cycle time.
- Missing fields when admins list non-owned entities.
- Using the correct timestamp when retreiving the "Last activity" data point for Gateways on initial page loads in the Console.
- Events reappearing in the end device data view after clearing them when navigating back and forth.
- Editing AWS IoT Integration region, stack name or cross-account role ARN makes The Things Stack re-initialize the integration correctly. Previously, the old AWS IoT Core endpoint was being contacted after editing these values.
