---
date: 2021-11-12
title: "3.16.0"
---

### Added

- `ttn_lw_as_subscription_sets_publish_success_total` and `ttn_lw_as_subscription_sets_publish_failed_total` metrics to track the number of subscription set publish attempts.
- Application Server advanced distribution settings:
  - `as.distribution.global.individual.subscription-blocks` controls if the Application Server should block while publishing traffic to individual global subscribers (such as MQTT clients).
  - `as.distribution.global.individual.subscription-queue-size` controls how many uplinks the Application Server should buffer for an individual global subscriber. Note that when the buffer is full, the Application Server will drop the uplinks if `--as.distribution.global.individual.subscription-blocks` is not enabled. Use a negative value in order to disable the queue.
  - `as.distribution.local.broadcast.subscription-blocks` controls if the Application Server should block while publishing traffic to broadcast local subscribers (such as webhooks and application packages matching).
  - `as.distribution.local.broadcast.subscription-queue-size` controls how many uplinks the Application Server should buffer for an broadcast local subscriber. Has the same semantics as `--as.distribution.global.individual.subscription-queue-size`.
  - `as.distribution.local.individual.subscription-blocks` controls if the Application Server should block while publishing traffic to individual local subscribers (such as PubSub integrations).
  - `as.distribution.local.individual.subscription-queue-size` controls how many uplinks the Application Server should buffer for an individual local subscriber. Has the same semantics as `--as.distribution.global.individual.subscription-queue-size`.
- `ttn_lw_gs_txack_received_total`, `ttn_lw_gs_txack_forwarded_total` and `ttn_lw_gs_txack_dropped_total` metrics, which track the transmission acknowledgements from gateways.
- `gs.txack.receive`, `gs.txack.drop` and `gs.txack.forward` events, which track the transmission acknowledgements from gateways.
- Remote federated authentication providers and external user management.
  - Authentication providers can be managed via the `AuthenticationProviderRegistry` service. See the `tti-lw-cli authentication-providers` commands for CLI support.
  - External users can be managed via the `ExternalUserRegistry` service. See the `tti-lw-cli external-users` commands for CLI support.
- External users (users associated with a federated authentication provider) may no longer update their passwords, or request temporary passwords.
- External users will have their information (name and email) updated on login, based on the data provided by the authentication provider.
- Users may be associated to multiple authentication providers at the same time.
  - This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack is-db migrate`) due to the relaxed unique constraint.
- `ttn-lw-stack as-db migrate` command to migrate the Application Server database. This command records the schema version and only performs migrations if on a newer version.
  - Use the `--force` flag to force perform migrations.
- Server-side event filtering with the `names` field.

### Changed

- Gateway Server default UDP worker count has been increased to 1024, from 16.
- Application Server webhooks and application packages default worker count has been increased to 1024, from 16.
- Application Server no longer sets the end device's `session.started_at` and `pending_session.started_at`. The session start time should be retrieved from the Network Server, per API specification.
  - This requires an Application Server database migration (`ttn-lw-stack as-db migrate`) to clear the `started_at` field in existing (pending) sessions.
- Console changing to server-side event filtering (used to be client-side).

### Removed

- The `ttn_lw_gs_status_failed_total`, `ttn_lw_gs_uplink_failed_total` metrics. `ttn_lw_gs_status_dropped_total` and `ttn_lw_gs_uplink_dropped_total` should be used instead, as they contain the failure cause.
- The `gs.status.fail` and `gs.up.fail` events. `gs.status.drop` and `gs.up.drop` should be used instead, as they contain the failure cause.
- The `data_rate_index` field in uplink message metadata. Observe the fully described data rate in the `data_rate` field instead.
- LoRaWAN data rate index reported to LoRa Cloud DMS.
- Dockerfile doesn't define environmental variables `TTN_LW_BLOB_LOCAL_DIRECTORY`, `TTN_LW_IS_DATABASE_URI` and `TTN_LW_REDIS_ADDRESS` anymore. They need to be set when running the container: please refer to `docker-compose.yml` for example values.
- `CockroachDB` from development tooling as well as config option within `docker-compose.yml`.
  - This also changes the default value of the `--is.database-uri` option, so it can connect to the development Postgres database by default.

### Fixed

- LoRaWAN Backend Interfaces `AppSKeyReq` and `HomeNSReq` interop calls in multi-tenant deployments.
- Handling of NaN values in our JSON API.
- Receiver metadata from more than one antenna is now available in messages received from Packet Broker.
- Unhelpful error message when aborting the OIDC Login in the Console.
- Parsing of multi-word description search queries.
