---
date: 2022-01-30
title: "3.17.2"
---

### Added

- Add configurable storage limit to device's DevNonce in the JoinServer. Can be configured using the option `js.dev-nonce-limit`.
- Fix copy button in API key modal in the Console.
- Enable copying and format transformations of byte values in the event previews in the Console.
- Attribute `administrative_contact` on "gateway eui taken" error to help users resolve gateway EUI conflicts.
- Add retry capability for cli requests. Can be configured with the options found in `retry-config`, some of the configuration options are `retry-config.max` and `retry-config.default-timeout`.

- Tenant settings in the Console.

### Changed

- Webhook maximum header value length extended to 4096 characters.
- Limited the end device event types that are included in application event streams to only application layer events, errors and warnings. Other end device events can still be received when subscribing to end device device events.

### Removed

- Amazon Partner Network identifier and DevEUI metadata from the AWS IoT Integration. Removal of this telemetry is to improve privacy for customers using the AWS IoT Integration.

### Fixed

- CLI Completion and Documentation commands no longer try to make a server connection.
- When an end device has both `NwkKey` and `AppKey` provisioned in the Join Server, `NwkKey` is used for MIC and session key derivation when activating the device in LoRaWAN 1.0.x. This is per LoRaWAN 1.1 specification.
- Gateway Server will no longer report the gateways as being both connected and disconnected at the same time.