---
date: 2022-03-09
title: "3.18.1"
---

### Added

- Add HTTP basic authentication configuration to the webhooks form in the Console.
- Show repository formatter code in the payload formatter form in the Console and allow pasting the application and payload formatter code when using the JavaScript option.
- Add `query` field to search requests, allowing to search for a string in any of ID, Name, Description and EUI (for entities that have EUIs).
- gRPC service to Gateway Configuration Server so that gateway configurations can be obtained via gRPC requests.
- The option to configure the Redis idle connection pool timeout, using the `redis.idle-timeout` setting.
- New RP002 regional parameters as options during device registration in the Console.
- Fallback for frequency plan, MAC and PHY version values for end device import in the Console.
- Default gateway visibility configuration in Packet Broker agent in the Console.

### Changed

- The custom webhook option is now shown at the top of the list in the Console when adding new webhooks.
- Wording around webhook statuses to `Healthy`, `Requests failing` and `Pending`.
- The uplink event preview in the Console now shows the highest SNR.
- When scheduling downlink messages with decoded payload, the downlink queued event now contains the encoded, plain binary payload.
- When Application Server forwards downlink messages to Network Server, the event payload now contains the encrypted LoRaWAN `FRMPayload`.
- Integration settings are now retrieved from the read-only Redis replica.
- The Network Server will now match downlink acknowledgements on the `cache` redis cluster (previously the `general` cluster was used).
- Gateway Connection statistics updates are now debounced. The debounce period occurs before the statistics are stored, and can be configured using the `gs.update-connection-stats-debounce-time` setting (default 5 seconds).
- Event publication when the Redis backend is used may no longer block the hot path. Instead, the events are now asynchronously published, which may render their ordering to change.
  - The events are queued and published using the worker pool mechanism, under the `redis_events_transactions` pool.
  - The length of the queue used by the pool may be configured using the `events.redis.publish.queue-size` setting.
  - The maximum worker count used by the pool may be configured using the `events.redis.publish.max-workers` setting.
- Payload formatter form layout in the Console.

### Removed

- Ability to select the `Repository` payload formatter type for end devices that have no Device Repository association or have no associated repository payload formatter.

### Fixed

- Webhook statuses being shown as pending regardless of their actual condition.
- Consistent ordering of entities with equal values for the sort field.
- Fix `xtime` sent to LBS gateways for Class C downlinks.
- Tenant settings being available in non-multi-tenancy environments in the Console.