---
date: 2022-02-23
title: "3.18.0"
---

### Added

- Retain at most 10 recent session keys in the Join Server. This avoids a slowly growing number of session keys in the Join Server's database.
  - This requires a database migration (`ttn-lw-stack js-db migrate`).
- Add TTL for gateway connection stats. Can be configured with the option `gs.connection-stats-ttl`.
- AWS Cloud Map cluster service discovery support:
  - This method is meant to be used when DNS service discovery is unreliable. This can occur with AWS Route53 if more than 8 instances are available per service.
  - The peer address should contain the service names. Ports may be specified if the service discovery entry does not have a port specified.
  - The `--cluster.aws.cloud-map.namespace` configuration option can be used to configure the namespace name.
- Configuration options `is.database-max-idle-conns` and `is.database-max-open-conns` to control the database connection pool of the Identity Server.

### Changed

- The minimum required Redis version is now 6.2.

### Deprecated

- Gateway Server setting `gs.update-connection-stats-debounce-time` is no longer valid.

### Fixed

- Device activation flow with a LoRaWAN Backend Interfaces 1.1 capable Join Server.
  - Join Servers using Backend Interfaces 1.1 (protocol `BI1.1`) must be configured with a `sender-ns-id` containing the EUI of the Network Server.
- Fix `time.Duration` flags in CLI.
- Gateway Server will no longer leave permanent gateway connection stats data on the registry when crashing.