---
date: 2022-05-25
title: "3.19.2"
---

### Added

- Allow setting an expiry date for API keys in the Console
- New event type `gs.gateway.connection.stats` with connection statistics. A new event is sent at most every `gs.update-connection-stats-debounce-time` time and at least every `gs.update-connection-stats-interval` time.
- Experimental version of the Network Operations Center. Until the Network Operations Center is considered stable, it needs to be started as part of `tti-lw-stack start all` or explicitly with `tti-lw-stack start noc`.
  - This requires a database schema initialization (`tti-lw-stack noc-db init`).
- Button to export as JSON end device `mac-settings` and `mac-state` in the Console.
- Support configurable plugin flags.
- Support for the `FOpts encryption, usage of FCntDwn` LoRaWAN 1.1 erratum.

### Changed

- Event type for `gs.up.receive` event to `GatewayUplinkMessage`.
- Default debounce time for updating connection stats in de Gateway Server (configuration setting `gs.update-connection-stats-debounce-time`) is now 30 seconds.
- Error code when importing CSV file with invalid LoRaWAN or Regional Parameters version.
- Emails sent by the Identity Server now also contain HTML versions.
  - For the images in these emails to work, an absolute `is.email.network.assets-base-url` (and optionally `is.email.network.branding-base-url`) needs to be set in configuration.
- Notification emails are now sent through the Notification Service of the Identity Server.
- "Last activity"-information in the Console is now sourced as a single aggregate from the Identity Server.
- End device overview in the Console.
  - Showing MAC/PHY versions and used frequency plan.
  - Hiding the entity description if not set.
  - Showing information of pending sessions.
  - Automatically updating session info (no refresh necessary to schedule downlinks after a device has joined).
  - Showing session start time.
- The Things Stack is now built with Go 1.18.
- Layout of webhook and Pub/Sub forms to improve UX.
- The Network Server Address used for End Device Claiming is fetched from the configuration instead of client input.

### Removed

- The ability to create custom email templates.

### Fixed

- Fixed adding device address prefixes if it contains characters in the Console.
- Support `app_eui` as alias for `join_eui` in CSV file import, per documentation.
- End devices frame counts being displayed as `n/a` when event stream contained historical data message events.
- Gateway general settings (Basic settings) not saving changes in some cases.
- Contact info validation not possible when user is already logged in.
- CLI not allowing devices to be created or updated.
- End device creation no longer errors on missing application info rights.
- Missing success notification when successfully deleting an application in the Console.
- CLI create commands for applications, gateways and clients no longer have their decoded ID emptied when using the `--user-id` flag.
- End device claiming settings not showing in the Console in Join Server-only deployments.
- Metric `ttn_lw_events_channel_dropped_total` not getting updated.
- Dropped events when calling the Stream RPC with a long tail.

### Security

- Security fix for an issue where the description and list of rights of arbitrary API keys could be retrieved by any logged-in user if the 24-bit random API key ID was known.