---
date: 2022-06-17
title: "3.20.0"
---

### Added

- Add RPC to check if a gateway EUI is claimable.
- OAuth client management in the account app.
- Support claim protection when claiming end devices on The Things Join Server.
- CLI commands `notifications list` and `notifications set-status` to manage user notifications.
- Support for class B and C downlink transmissions through multiple gateways simultaneously.

### Changed

- Entities are now fully validated when updated in the stores.
  - Previously only the updated paths where validated. This lead to situations in which a partial update could cause the entity as a whole to reach an invalid state.
- Application, gateway, end device and organization-tables in the Console are now sorted by creation time by default (newest first).
- Collaborator and API Key tables can now be sorted in the Console.
- The application table in the Console now shows the amount of end devices.
- The organizations table in the Console now shows the amount of collaborators.
- Table layouts for several entities have been improved on the Console.
- The Storage Integration now stores data using the `json` data type instead of `jsonb`. This is relevant for decoded payloads which may contain null characters.
  - This mainly affects the TimescaleDB/PostgreSQL backend.
  - This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack storage-db migrate`) because of the update column.
- Default raw data retention for the Network Operation Center is now 3 days (instead of 30 days). You can override this with the `noc.store.raw-data-retention` setting.
  - For changes to take effect, perform a database schema migration (`tti-lw-stack noc-db migrate`).

### Fixed

- End devices running on MAC versions higher or equal to 1.1 showing network downlink frame counters instead of application downlink frame counters.
- Wrong representation of time values between midnight and 1am (eg. 24:04:11) in the Console in some cases.