---
date: 2022-10-06
title: "3.22.0"
---

### Added

- Add more specific rights for OAuth clients.
- Experimental support for mTLS connections for LoRa Basics Station CUPS and LoRa Basics Station LNS (LNS-only mode) connections.

### Changed

- The flow for adding end devices has been updated in the Console.
  - Device QR codes can now be scanned to speed up end device onboarding.
  - Claiming end devices from external Join Servers is now possible seemlessly from the same onboarding flow.
- LoRa coding rate now defined in `DataRate` instead of `Band`.
- The Network Server will now schedule a potentially empty downlink in order to stop end devices from sending sticky MAC commands.
- Factory preset frequencies may now be provided for bands with fixed channel plans, such as US915 or AU915. The factory preset frequencies are interpreted as the only channels which are enabled at boot time.
- `TxParamSetupReq` MAC command priority has been increased.
- `DevStatusReq` MAC command priority has been lowered.
- Event subscriptions without history are now sent to the Redis read only replica, if it is available.

### Removed

- Removed coding rate from `TxSettings` as it is now defined in `DataRate`.

### Fixed

- `--mac-settings.adr.mode.disabled`, `--mac-settings.adr.mode.dynamic` and `--mac-settings.adr.mode.static` flags of the `end-device update` command.
- Pagination in `sessions` and `access tokens` tables in the Console.
- `LinkADRReq` MAC command generation for LoRaWAN 1.0 and 1.0.1 end devices.
- `LinkADRReq` no longer attempts to enable channels which have not yet been negotiated with the end device.
- Downlink path selection for uplinks which are not LoRa modulated.
- Issues with byte inputs in the Console.
  - Pasting values into the input leading to issues in some cases.
  - Values being typed double on android phones.
- Console showing deleted collaborator after successful deletion in application collaborator list.
- Console crashing after deleting an organization.