---
date: 2022-11-30
title: "3.23.0"
---

### Added

- LoRa Alliance NetIDs revision 61 to 67. This is used in Network Operations Center.
  - This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack noc-db migrate`) because of added table records.

### Changed

- Gateway EUI is no longer unset when deleting a gateway, meaning it could be recovered if no other gateway claimed it. This requires a schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack is-db migrate`) because of the change in the database's `gateway_eui_index`.
- The new database driver is no longer specific to the Identity Server and is now activated using the `db.pgdriver` feature flag (instead of `is.pgdriver`).

### Deprecated

- Google Cloud Platform backend for loading pre-shared master keys used with the Microchip ATECC608 secure elements. Only AWS is now supported.

### Removed

- The Things Join Server 1.0 (type `ttjs`) for claiming with Device Claiming Server. Use The Things Join Server 2.0 (type `ttjsv2`) instead.

### Fixed

- Devices with pending session and MAC state may now successfully be imported.
- Client creation with an organization API key will no longer send an email without user information to the admins. Instead, the API key name will be used and if that is empty the API key ID will be the default.
- Allow providing DevEUI for ABP end devices with a LoRaWAN specification lower or equal to 1.0.4 in the end device onboarding screen in the Console.
- Faulty field validation for byte payloads in the uplink payload formatter panel in the Console.