---
date: 2023-02-02
title: "3.24.0"
---

### Added

- List of end-devices can now be sorted by `last_seen_at` field. Unseen devices will be shown last.
- End devices now contain `lora_alliance_profile_ids` field.
- LoRa Alliance NetIDs revision 69 and 70. This is used in Network Operations Center.
  - This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack noc-db migrate`) because of added table records.
- Add `source` config option for TLS certificates in LoRaWAN Backend Interfaces interop client and The Things Join Server device claiming configuration. This value can be `file` (existing behavior) or `key-vault`.
- Add issuing short-lived TLS client certificates from AWS Private CA.
- Experimental support for application and end device statistics in the Network Operations Center.
  - The collection of the end device and application statistics can be enabled via the `noc.events.ns` experimental flag.
  - The collection of the end device MAC command events can be enabled via the `noc.events.mac_commands` experimental flag.
  - The new dashboards can be enabled via the `noc.dashboards.preview` experimental flag.
  - This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack noc-db migrate`) because of added table records.

### Changed

- `serial_number` field is now moved to the root of the end device structure. `vendor_id` and `vendor_profile_id` are now moved to the `lora_alliance_profile_ids`.
  - This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack is-db migrate`) because of added columns and views.
- The underlying implementation of the storage integration of the Application Server now uses `bun` by default. This can be switched back by setting the experimental flag `as.bunstore` to `false`.

### Deprecated

- Configuring certificate authorities per LoRaWAN Backend Interfaces SenderID (`interop.sender-client-ca`) is now deprecated and support will be removed in a future version of The Things Stack.

### Removed

- The device version identifiers no longer have the `serial_number`, `vendor_id` and `vendor_profile_id` fields.