---
date: 2023-04-05
title: "3.25.0"
---

### Added

- Optional Network Server database migration that removes obsolete last invalidation keys is now available.
- LoRaWAN Application Layer Clock Synchronization support.
  - It is available using the `alcsync-v1` application package.
  - Can be enabled using the Console by visiting the application settings and ticking the **Use Application Layer Clock Synchronization** checkbox. By default, the package will operate on FPort 202.
- Network Operations Center API references in the Console configuration.
  - This comes as part of the `console.ui.noc.enabled` and `console.ui.noc.base-url` configuration options.
  - Deployments which use the Network Operations Center need to set `console.ui.noc.base-url` to the same value as other `base-url` configuration options, such as `console.ui.as.base-url`.
  - Deployments which do not use the Network Operations Center need to set `console.ui.noc.enabled` to `false`.
- Drop uplink frames with CRC failure.

### Changed

- The Stripe API used by the Tenant Billing Server has been updated to version `2022-11-15`.
  - Existing webhook integrations, which previously used API version `2018-09-06`, are no longer compatible and will be rejected.
  - In order to have a smooth upgrade flow, create a new webhook with the new API version and the same endpoint URL, then update the Stripe signing secret (`tbs.stripe.endpoint-secret-key`) to the one provided by the new webhook. You may now restart the Tenant Billing Server and disable the old webhook integration.
- Network Operations Center application and end devices table schema.
  - This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack noc-db migrate`) because of added table records.

### Deprecated

- Returning special float values, such as `NaN` and `Infinity` as part of the decoded payloads.
  - While the concepts of `NaN` and `Infinity` are part of JavaScript, JSON does not have a dedicated value for such values.
  - Historically we have rendered them in their string form, i.e. `"NaN"` and `"Infinity"`, but this form is not standard nor accepted by the standard libraries of most programming languages (at least by default).
  - Most usages of `NaN` are actually result of operations with the JavaScript concept of `undefined`, and are not intentional. Mathematical operations that interact with `undefined` return `NaN` - for example `undefined * 5` is `NaN`. It is not hard to reach `undefined` in JavaScript, as array access to undefined indices is `undefined`, and payload decoders generally work by consuming the frame payload bytes.
  - Future The Things Stack versions may not render such values, or may discard the decoded payload completely. The deprecation discussion can be tracked [on GitHub](https://github.com/TheThingsNetwork/lorawan-stack/issues/6128).

### Removed

- Automatic migrations of the Network Server database using `ns-db migrate` from versions prior to v3.24 are removed. Migrating from prior versions should be done through v3.24 instead.
