---
date: 2023-06-06
title: "3.26.0"
featured: {
  added: ['The storage integration now supports iterating pages of uplinks, instead of retrieving all of the uplinks at once.'],
  changed: ['The Network Operations Center applications and end devices insights are no longer experimental.'],
  removed: ['Device claiming that transfers devices between applications is now removed.'],
  fixed: ['LoRa Basics Station PONG messages will now contain the application payload of the associated PING, as required by the WebSockets specification.']
}
---

### Added

- `tti-lw-stack dcs-db purge` command to remove authorized entities from the DCS registry.
- Support for scanning a QR code that only contains the hexadecimal encoded DevEUI.
- Experimental flag `ns.adr.auto_narrow_steer`. When enabled, end devices which do not have an explicit channel steering mode will be steered towards the LoRa narrow channels.
- Add a NOC button in the application and end-device views in the Console.
- The storage integration now supports iterating pages of uplinks, instead of retrieving all of the uplinks at once.
  - The Application Server will now return a _continuation token_ via the `X-Continuation-Token` header. The continuation token can be provided to a subsequent request in order to continue the iteration from the last retrieved uplink, using the `continuation_token` parameter.
  - The continuation token replaces any other filtering options such as the `type`, `limit`, `after`, `before`, `f_port`, `order` or `field_mask`. These have to be provided only in the initial request - subsequent iterations no longer need to provide them, as they are saved as part of the token.
  - This requires a storage integration database migration (`ttn-lw-stack storage-db migrate`).

### Changed

- The Network Operations Center applications and end devices insights are no longer experimental.

### Removed

- Device claiming that transfers devices between applications is now removed.
  - Related fields in the `ClaimEndDeviceRequest` message are reserved.
  - RPCs `AuthorizeApplication` and `UnauthorizeApplication` of the Device Claiming Server will now return an `Unimplemented` error code.
  - `ttn-lw-cli end-devices claim`, `ttn-lw-cli applications claim`, `ttn-lw-cli applications claim authorize` and `ttn-lw-cli applications claim unauthorize` commands are no longer supported and will return an error.
  - `--with-claim-authentication-code` option for `ttn-lw-cli end-devices create` is no longer supported.
  - If the DCS does not support claiming for the provided JoinEUI, `ttn-lw-cli end-devices create` will no longer fallback to create devices in the Cluster Join Server and instead error.
  - `tti-lw-stack dcs-db migrate` and `tti-lw-stack dcs-db clean` commands are removed.
  - The deprecated Claim App (by default available via `/claim`) has been removed and now redirects to the Console.

### Fixed

- Console not applying webhook field masks when creating a webhook from a template that has field masks set.
- LoRa Basics Station `PONG` messages will now contain the application payload of the associated `PING`, as required by the WebSockets specification.
  - This fix enables `PING`/`PONG` behavior for non reference implementations of the LNS protocol.
- Fix crash of "Edit webhook" view due to invalid Authorization header encoding in the Console.
