---
date: 2024-07-05T10:41:44Z
title: "3.31.0"
featured: {
  added: [],
  changed: [],
  fixed: []
}
---

### Added

- Europe 868.1 MHz single channel frequency plan.
  - This is experimental and may be removed or hidden in the future.
- DNS names of the TLS client certificate requested from AWS Private CA can now be specified with the `--key-vault.aws.client-certificate-dns-names` flag.
- Network Operations Center now includes webhook success and failures statistics panels.
  - This requires a Network Operations Center migration (`tti-lw-stack noc-db migrate`).
  - The new panels can be found on the NOC's `Application details` dashboard.

### Changed

- The rate limit key for LoRa Basics Station and Tabs Hubs has changed from `gs:accept:ws` to `gs:accept:semtechws/lbslns` and `gs:accept:semtechws/tabshubs` respectively.
- NOC aggregates regarding `end_device_data_uplink` has been dropped in favor of a new aggregate in order to save disk space.
  - This requires a Network Operations Center migration (`tti-lw-stack noc-db migrate`).
  - To generate data for new tables, run the following commands:
    - `CALL refresh_continuous_aggregate('end_device_session_statistics_1h', NOW() - interval '30d', NOW());`
    - `CALL refresh_continuous_aggregate('end_device_statistics_1h', NOW() - interval '30d', NOW());`
  - Deployments that have retention period for the hypertable `end_device_data_uplink` shorter than 30 days will see a loss of data in the migration. Specifically the data loss happens in the period between ['30d', retention_period).
  - Grafana graphs will be impacted but slowly replenished by the new aggregate.
- Tenant admin validation email has a custom TTL. This can be set by `is.tenant-registration.contact-info-validation.token-ttl`.

### Fixed

- Fix potential issue with application event stream stopping after showing initial events.
- Fix storybook compiling issue.
