---
date: 2024-11-18T21:25:11Z
title: "3.32.2"
featured:
  {
    fixed:
      [
        "Potential leak of end devices of other (owned) applications in the top end devices panel in the application overview of the Console.",
      ],
  }
---

### Fixed

- Potential leak of end devices of other (owned) applications in the top end devices panel in the application overview of the Console.
- Fix reversed Join Server dev nonce metrics.
- Enforce default page limit on IS List RPCs if a value is not provided in the request.
- Identity Server's store runs each migration within a transaction, so a migration's changes are only applied if all of its queries are successful.
  - Identity Server's store now marks a migration as successful after all its operations are finished. Previously it was possible to have a successful migration which not all of its queries were processed.
- Network Operation Center's store runs each migration within a transaction, so a migration's changes are only applied if all of its queries are successful.
  - Network Operation Center's store now marks a migration as successful after all its operations are finished. Previously it was possible to have a successful migration which not all of its queries were processed.
- Storage Integration's store runs each migration within a transaction, so a migration's changes are only applied if all of its queries are successful.
  - Storage Integration's store now marks a migration as successful after all its operations are finished. Previously it was possible to have a successful migration which not all of its queries were processed.
