---
date: 2024-09-09T14:11:11Z
title: "3.32.0"
featured: {
  added: [],
  changed: [],
  fixed: []
}
---

### Added

- Newly redesigned The Things Stack Console. The most notable changes are as follows:
  - New look and feel
  - New sidebar-based navigation and structure
  - Top entities are automatically stored and displayed for faster access
  - More useful panels in the overviews of gateways, applications and end devices
  - Quick search feature to search globally for any entity
  - New event overlay for better in-context event examination
  - Notifications can now be viewed from within the Console
- Add `ResendAdminValidation` RPC to the `TenantAccess` service. Allows tenant administrators to re-send the tenant's email validation email to their initial user.
- Add `ResendAdminValidation` RPC to the `TenantAccess` service. Allows tenant administrators to re-send the tenant's email validation email to their initial user.
- Support for managed gateways and claiming through The Things Gateway Controller.
- Support for The Things Industries gateway protocol. This is adds a new pair of ports to Gateway Server: `1889` for Envoy or Traefik terminated TLS mutual authentication, and `8889` for The Things Stack terminated TLS mutual authentication.
- Option to filter the output of the `List` RPCs for end devices and gateways based on when they were updated.
  - `ListGatewaysRequest` and `ListEndDevicesRequest` RPCs have a new `Filter` field that supports an `updated_since` timestamp.
- Preparation for universal rights assigned to users.
  - This requires a database schema migration (`ttn-lw-stack is-db migrate`).

### Changed

- Enforce `NOT NULL` constraint on Network Operations Center's `end_device_data_uplink` hypertable.
  - This requires a Network Operations Center migration (`tti-lw-stack noc-db migrate`).

### Deprecated

- Experimental RPCs `AuthorizeGateway` and `UnauthorizeGateway` of the Gateway Claiming Server (GCLS).
- `CUPSRedirection` field of `ClaimGatewayRequest`.

### Removed

- `authorize` and `unauthorize` sub-commands of the gateway `claim` command.

### Fixed

- Fixed an issue where an downlink message was scheduled by the Application Layer Clock Synchronization (ALCS) implementation when there is no answer to send (i.e. `AnsRequired` is not set and the difference with what the end device reports falls within the threshold).
- Fix unhandled video stream in QR code scanner
- Recreate Network Operations Center's `gateway_end_device_uplink_statistics_1h` aggregate with a proper time bucket.
  - This requires a Network Operations Center migration (`tti-lw-stack noc-db migrate`).
  - Decreases aggregate's total data size to be less than 10% of the previous size.
  - To generate data for the new table, run the following command:
    - `CALL refresh_continuous_aggregate('gateway_end_device_uplink_statistics_1h', NOW() - interval '30d', null);`
  - Deployments that have retention period for the hypertable `gateway_end_device_uplink` shorter than 30 days will see a loss of data in the migration. Specifically the data loss happens in the period between ['30d', retention_period).
  - Grafana graphs will be impacted but slowly replenished by the new aggregate.
- The Network Operation Center no longer returns an incorrect amount of active Gateways, End-devices and Applications on the bigger bucket intervals.
  - This requires a Network Operations Center migration (`tti-lw-stack noc-db migrate`).
  - To generate data for the new aggregates, run the following commands:
    - `CALL refresh_continuous_aggregate('active_gateways_1h', NOW() - interval '30d', null);`
    - `CALL refresh_continuous_aggregate('active_gateways_1d', NOW() - interval '30d', null);`
    - `CALL refresh_continuous_aggregate('active_end_devices_1h', NOW() - interval '30d', null);`
    - `CALL refresh_continuous_aggregate('active_end_devices_1d', NOW() - interval '30d', null);`
    - `CALL refresh_continuous_aggregate('active_applications_1h', NOW() - interval '30d', null);`
    - `CALL refresh_continuous_aggregate('active_applications_1d', NOW() - interval '30d', null);`
    - `CALL refresh_continuous_aggregate('active_gateway_count_1d', NOW() - interval '30d', null);`
    - `CALL refresh_continuous_aggregate('active_gateway_count_1w', NOW() - interval '30d', null);`
    - `CALL refresh_continuous_aggregate('active_end_device_count_1d', NOW() - interval '30d', null);`
    - `CALL refresh_continuous_aggregate('active_end_device_count_1w', NOW() - interval '30d', null);`
    - `CALL refresh_continuous_aggregate('active_application_count_1d', NOW() - interval '30d', null);`
    - `CALL refresh_continuous_aggregate('active_application_count_1w', NOW() - interval '30d', null);`
- Network Operations Center no longer returns only the last three days of data of gateways' connection events.
