---
date: 2025-08-04T11:10:12Z
title: "3.34.2"
featured:
  {
    added:
      [
        Support to associate/disassociate MAC settings profiles to batch of end devices,
        Show normalized payload in the Console,
        "Introduced a backoff mechanism to the CLI device import process, allowing imports to exceed the default rate limit",
        Support for selecting the preferred `response_type` used with the configured authentication provider,
      ],
    changed: [Improve error messages when claiming a managed gateway],
    fixed:
      [
        Network Operations Center no longer returns zero in the `x-total-count` header,
        Improve query performance of label related requests envolving end devices,
        Searching users in User management in the Console,
        CLI no longer causes a panic when running from a docker container in a Linux machine,
      ],
  }
---

### Added

- Support to associate/disassociate MAC settings profiles to batch of end devices
  - This feature is experimental and subject to change.
- Show normalized payload in the Console.
- New modal in the gateway overview page for simplifying creation of API keys in the Console.
- Introduced a backoff mechanism to the CLI device import process, allowing imports to exceed the default rate limit.
- Added support for selecting the preferred `response_type` used with the configured authentication provider.
  - Configure this via the `--oidc.preferred-response-type` flag in the create-auth-provider tti-lw-stack command.
  - If unset, the default is either `code id_token` or `code`, depending on provider compatibility.

### Changed

- Improve error messages when claiming a managed gateway.

### Fixed

- Network Operations Center no longer returns zero in the `x-total-count` header.
  - This previously only happened in gateway traffic rates query.
- Improve query performance of label related requests envolving end devices.
  - This previously caused timeouts if the number of end-devices using labels was too large.
- Fixed searching users in User management in the Console.
- CLI no longer causes a panic when running from a docker container in a Linux machine.
